---
layout: post
title: About Me (Michaela Smith)
---

# Hello Everyone!!!...
My name is Michaela Smith and I am a **senior** at Christopher Newport University in Newport News, VA. I am a **communication** major with a **writing** minor and love my role as CNU Club Tennis secretary in my free time. My roles for secretary include fundraising as well as helping control the [CNU Club Tennis Instagram Page.](https://www.instagram.com/cnuclubtennis/)  

I was born and raised in Charlottesville, VA so I am a die hard wahoo at heart. I love to go to UVA games with my family in my free time as well as walking on the beautiful UVA campus. Here is a picture of my younger sister and I at one of the UVA basketball games. Also, pictured below is my dog, Ohana. She is twelve years old and loves going to the beach, snuggling, going on runs, and exploring on long walks. 

I am very interested in Digital Humanities and I am so thrilled to be a part of ENGL 350. The past two summers, I had an internship with the University of Virginia Engineering communication team. Through this experience, I was able to use and incorporate a lot of DH skills without even realizing it. For example, I would use social media daily to post about awards, activities, interviews, and much more on the UVA Engineering Instagram, facebook, and twitter pages. Here is a link to where I did most of my posts, which is the [UVA Engineering Instagram Page.](https://www.instagram.com/uvaengineering/?hl=en) I thoroughly enjoyed this internship and really hope to have a position such as a social media marketing in the future. Working for a nonprofit company such as, The Salvation Army or Habitat for Humanity would be my dream job :) 





